## ChangeLogs 

### 2.5.7.1570

#### 2.5.7.1570 Release notes

- Revamped UI design for the emoticons window
- Improvements on Shared Media
- Improvements on volume settings for Voice Call/Video Call
- Improved view of the Plus Friend Home
- Bug fixes and stability improvements


### 2.5.6.1545

#### 2.5.6.1545 Release notes

- Added Keyword Alerts
: You'll be notified when your keywords are mentioned in a chatroom even if you turn off the chatroom notification. 
: Keywords in your PC will be synced with your mobile.
- Bug fixes and stability improvements


### 2.5.5.1501
 
#### 2.5.5.1501 Release notes

- You can now preview emoticons from the chat list view.
- Bug fixes and stability improvements


### 2.5.4.1479
 
#### 2.5.4.1479 Release notes

- You can pin a chatroom to the top of the Chats tab.
- You can sort your chatrooms by favorites, unread chats, or time.
- You can check the dates of the chat as you scroll up/down in a chatroom.
- Other bug fixes and stability improvements


### 2.5.3.1451
 
#### 2.5.3.1451 Release notes

- Emoticon settings on PC and mobile KakaoTalk will be synced.
- Note when inviting new members
: Without having to send a new message to start a group chat, the invitee will be able to see the chatroom right away.
- Other bug fixes and stability improvements


### 2.5.2.1427
 
#### 2.5.2.1427 Release notes
- Bug fixes and stability improvements 


### 2.5.1.1415
 
#### 2.5.1.1415 Release notes

- You can view photos and links you shared in a chatroom from "Shared Media"
- The music set as profile music will be displayed on your friends' status messages.
- You can mention members in the Boards. 
- New UI design for Open Chat Home 
- Other bug fixes and stability improvements


### 2.5.0.1377
 
#### 2.5.0.1377 Release notes

- Bug fixes and stability improvements 


### 2.5.0.1372
 
#### 2.5.0.1372 Release notes

- Revamped UI design for chatrooms
- Now you can view ProfileCons on your PC.
- Other bug fixes and stability improvements.


### 2.2.4.1337
 
#### 2.2.4.1337 Release notes

- Now you can upload posts and view them on Boards.
(To access Boards, click the note icon on the top-left corner.)
- Other bug fixes and stability improvements 


### 2.2.4.1335
 
#### 2.2.4.1335 Release notes

- Now you can upload posts and view them on Boards.
(To access Boards, click the note icon on the top-left corner.)
- Other bug fixes and stability improvements 


### 2.2.3.1281

#### 2.2.3.1281 Release notes

- Bug fixes and stability improvements 


### 2.2.3.1272

#### 2.2.3.1272 Release notes

- Fixed an issue where Windows 10 users were not able to send files.
- Other bug fixes and stability improvements.


### 2.2.2.1248

#### 2.2.2.1248 Release notes

- Added Notification Center where you can now view the list of likes/comments on your post in Boards or notifications for your friends' birthdays.
- You can now check Plus Friend or YellowID messages on your PC. 
- You can now preview important notices from the Friends tab.
- Improved design for #Search results
- Other bug fixes and stability improvements


### 2.2.1.1211
 
#### 2.2.1.1211 Release notes

- View posts on Boards
 : You can now view chat bubbles with 
 Announcements/Events/Polls.
 Click the chat bubble and you can view 
 the posts in detail.

- Other bug fixes and stability improvements

- Viewing Boards and writing posts on Boards is 
currently only available on KakaoTalk Mobile.


### 2.1.3.1173
 
#### 2.1.3.1173 Release notes
 
- You can now back up and restore your chat history on a different OS. 
- Added new Video Call feature 
 : You can use video calls with Mac/iOS/Android users. 
- Added new Time Machine feature 
 : You can now search chats by date in a chatroom. 
- You can now play GIF files from the Photo Viewer. 
- Other bug fixes and stability improvements 


### 2.1.2.1124
 
#### 2.1.2.1124 Release notes
 
- Bug fixes and stability improvements.


### 2.1.1.1103

#### 2.1.1.1103 Release notes

- Bug fixes and stability improvements.


### 2.1.1.1100

#### 2.1.1.1100 Release notes

- Improvements to syncing friends list 
- You can now send images in BMP format
- Added a mark on the profile image for My Chatroom 
- Improvements to text viewer 
- Added new default profile images for Open Chat 
- Other bug fixes and stability improvements

### 2.1.0.1072 

#### 2.1.0.1072  Release notes

- Bug fixes and stability improvements.


### 2.0.9.1053

#### 2.0.9.1053 Release notes

- Bug fixes and stability improvements.


### 2.0.9.1048

#### 2.0.9.1048 Release notes

- You can now read large text file from a text viewer. 
- You can now invite more friends to join a call during a group call.  
- Accessibility improvements 
- Other bug fixes and stability improvements


### 2.0.8.999

#### 2.0.8.999 Release notes

- Bug fixes and stability improvements.


### 2.0.8.990

#### 2.0.8.990 Release notes

- You can now send messages to yourself.
- You can now send photos in the order of your choice.
- You can group your friends right from the Friends tab.
- Other bug fixes and stability improvements.


### 2.0.7.935

#### 2.0.7.935 Release notes

- Bug fixes and stability improvements.


### 2.0.7.918

#### 2.0.7.918 Release notes

- Fixed a problem some chat were not back up and restore.
- Bug fixes and stability improvements.


### 2.0.7.914

#### 2.0.7.914 Release notes

- You can now group your friends. 
- You can now back up and restore your chat history.
- URLs will now show previews in a chatroom.
- You can add friends by their phone number. 
- You can delete friends from your friends list. 
- You can now send up to 300 MB of video and 20 MB of photo. 
- You can now search for chatrooms 
- Other bug fixes and stability improvements


### 2.0.6.854

#### 2.0.6.854 Release notes

- Bug fixes and stability improvements.


### 2.0.6.838

#### 2.0.6.838 Release notes

- Chat bubble redesign
- Improved accesibility features
- Fixed an issue where chat history did not export
- Fixed an issue where animated emoticons moved too rapidly 
- Other bug fixes/stability improvements


### 2.0.5.822 
 
#### 2.0.5.822 Release notes

- Bug fixes and stability improvements.


### 2.0.5.813

#### 2.0.5.813 Release notes

- You can now edit your profile. 
- You can now screen capture your chats. 
- Improved accessibility feature 
- Your previous chats will be automatically loaded in a chatroom. 
- Enlarged thumbnail view for photos sent in a chatroom. 
- You can now export your chats. 
- Improved speed when updating the application.


### 2.0.4.786

#### 2.0.4.786 Release notes

- Bug fixes and stability improvements.


### 2.0.4.777 

#### 2.0.4.777  Release notes

- Improved designs for mini-profile
- Play music from mini-profile (Korea only) 
- Improved messaging feature


### 2.0.3.748 

#### 2.0.3.748  Release notes

- Bug fixes and stability improvements.


### 2.0.3.743 

#### 2.0.3.743  Release notes

- Now send up to 100 files at once 
- Increased file size from 10MB to 15MB 
- 4 new winter-themed designs for chatroom backgrounds 
- Added proxy server settings


### 2.0.2.722 

#### 2.0.2.722  Release notes

- Fixed a bug where some emoticons were not displayed properly


### 2.0.2.721

#### 2.0.2.721 Release notes

- Design and performance improvements for chatroom album
- Added manage emoticon function
- Display improvements for location information


### 2.0.1.698

#### 2.0.1.698 Release notes

- Users will be notified regarding changes in chat history storage on our server.


### 2.0.1.683

#### 2.0.1.683 Release notes

- Bug fixes and stability improvements.


### 2.0.1.680

#### 2.0.1.680 Release notes

- You can now magnify the main window and chat windows.
- When changing a font, it is applied to the main window as well as chatrooms. 
- Your KakaoTalk is automatically locked if inactive for certain period of time. 
- Support for HiDPI resolutions 
- Change default background color for chatrooms
- Bug fixes and stability improvements


### 2.0.0.661

#### 2.0.0.661 Release notes

- Fixed a problem where a profile picture is not displayed properly in certain cases 
- Fixed a problem where the app slows down depending on the chatroom background 
- Made improvements in sending URLs 
- Enhanced text legibility 
- End of support for Majo and Sady emoticons (Contract ended) 
- KakaoStory background is displayed on your mini-profile cover. 


### 2.0.0.654

#### 2.0.0.654 Release notes

- Revamped UI design 
- Added free call/group call features 
- Added more colors and designs for chatroom background 
- Other bug fixes and stability improvements 


### 1.2.0.587

#### 1.2.0.587 Release notes

- Bug fixes and stability improvements.


### 1.2.0.573

#### 1.2.0.573 Release notes

- You can now copy an image you receive in the preview window to your clipboard. 
- An emoticon tab you recently viewed will be displayed first in the emoticon window.
- Bug fixes and stability improvements.


### 1.1.8.558

#### 1.1.8.558 Release notes

- Fixed a problem where the application was not launched properly
- Bug fixes


### 1.1.8.554

#### 1.1.8.554 Release notes

- Bug fixes related to chatroom album 
- Photo files will no longer be named identically when saving. 
- Bug fixes and stability improvements


### 1.1.8.546

#### 1.1.8.546 Release notes

- You can now search inside a chatroom. 
- View sent/received photos in a chatroom at a glance. 
- Bug fixes and stability improvements


### 1.1.7.534

#### 1.1.7.534 Release notes

- Reverted chatroom title bar to original design when Excel style is applied. 
- Fixed a problem where the name and profile picture of a 1:1 chatroom that has been linked to KakaoGroup was not displayed properly 
- Bug fixes and stability improvements 


### 1.1.7.530

#### 1.1.7.530 Release notes

- Added new Kakao Friends animated stickers 
- Emoticons now synced to KakaoTalk PC from KakaoTalk Mobile 
- Improved design for chatroom title bar
- You can delete a profile picture of your group chatroom 
- Your drafted chat message can be restored in the chatroom 
- Bug fixes and stability improvements 


### 1.1.6.512

#### 1.1.6.512 Release notes

- Fixed a problem where users sporadically received mobile message notifications while sleep mode was off 
- Bug fixes and stability improvements 


### 1.1.6.505

#### 1.1.6.505 Release notes

- You can select or remove your Kakao accounts that have been registered on your PC when logging in.   
- You may opt to delete your profile photo. 
- Fixed a problem that prevented your friends’ information such as profile photo and name from being sporadically updated. 
- UI improvements for Invite Friends 
- Fixed a problem where the name of a chatroom invitee takes the place of the person who invited them.   
- A button has been added in the chatroom to view images you have received.


### 1.1.5.496

#### 1.1.5.496 Release notes

- Fixed a problem where auto-login did not work on some PCs 
- Bug fixes and stability improvements 


### 1.1.5.484

#### 1.1.5.484 Release notes

- You can pop-out the window to the desktop 
- The push notification count will be displayed as 300+ if you have over 300 new messages 
- Bug fixes and stability improvements 


### 1.1.4.474

#### 1.1.4.474 Release notes

- Fixed a problem where the program crashed when logging in 
- Improved text legibility 
- Bug fixes and stability improvements 


### 1.1.4.469

#### 1.1.4.469 Release notes

- You can make your friends or chatrooms float on the desktop. 
- Fixed a problem where the program crashed when you received a sound alert for a new message 
- Disabled Windows XP users from adjusting the KakaoTalk alert volume 
- Bug fixes and stability improvements 


### 1.1.3.450

#### 1.1.3.450 Release notes

- Fixed a problem where images in the clipboard could not be sent due to the file size limit 
- Fixed a problem where the program was not responding when some users were logging in 
- Other stability improvements

### 1.1.3.446

#### 1.1.3.446 Release notes

- The "File Box" feature has been added. 
- You can add/block friends. 
- You can edit your group chat profile. 
- You can forward/delete messages. 
- You can make the KakaoTalk window snap to the top. 
- New friends are highlighted on your friends list. 
- You can create a KakaoTalk ID and show your KakaoTalk ID in your mini-profile. 
- The UI of the profile edit window has been modified.   
- The UI of the login window and lock mode screen has been modified. 
- The update notice pop-up has a new design. 
- More shortcut keys have been added. 

### 1.1.2.427

#### 1.1.2.427 Release notes

- You can now view moving stickers on your PC. 
- You can send a message longer than 1,000 characters. 
- You can add chatrooms to Favorites.
- We fixed a problem where KakaoTalk could not be moved to another desktop on virtual desktops. 

### 1.1.1.411

#### 1.1.1.411 Release notes

- Added a feature to adjust the opacity for each chatroom
- Improved performance, bug fixes and enhanced stability
- Revised the alert message sent to your mobile device when logging into KakaoTalk PC

### 1.1.0.384

#### 1.1.0.384 Release notes

General Features
---
- You can send and download regular files (up to 100MB). 
- A new auto-login feature has been added. 
- A new Excel style has been added to make your chatroom look like an Excel spreadsheet. 
- You can now change the font and font size for chat bubbles. 
- You can drag & drop your friends’ names to invite to a chatroom.
- You can view the announcements by chatroom.

Security Features
---
- A “Lock Mode” has been added. 
- You can now hide senders and messages in new message pop-up alerts.

### 1.0.3.354

#### 1.0.3.354 Release notes

- Added an option to save files with filename extension

### 1.0.3.341 

#### 1.0.3.341 Release notes

-Enabled users to view previous/next photos in the photo viewer 
-Enabled users to zoom in and out with the mouse wheel in the photo viewer 
-Data is now deleted at the time of logout for one-time registered users 
-Fixed a problem where the badge count sometimes did not disappear. 
-Chat window is no longer created when a message arrives. 
-Alert sounds are turned off when away from PC. 
-Improved performance, bug fixes and enhanced stability 
-Added Plus Calendar feature (Korea only) 

### 1.0.2.308

#### 1.0.2.308 Release notes

- Added an alert for links from unknown senders 

### 1.0.2.303 

#### 1.0.2.303 Release notes

-Added Zoom In/Zoom Out and Rotate features in Photo Viewer 
-Fixed a problem where the application was not launched properly
-Fixed a problem where a message saying “This system is not supported” appeared on a supported system 
-Fixed a problem where "Error 108" occurred occasionally when logging in 
-Fixed bugs and made stability improvements 
-IMPORTANT: If you have set “Match Names” to ON, but the names in KakaoTalk PC still appear differently from the names in KakaoTalk Mobile, please follow the guidelines in our notices in KakaoTalk PC.

### 1.0.1.289

#### 1.0.1.289 Release notes

-Fixed a problem where some of the chatrooms on mobile could not be loaded 
-Fixed a problem where the app sporadically crashed when deleting the unsent chat logs 
-Fixed a problem where texts were not displayed properly when the language is set to Japanese 
-Fixed bugs in certain chat logs 
-Improved stability 

### 0.9.5.214
`2013/5/14`

Our policy has been changed to hide unread messages from your mobile device on your PC.
Please make sure to check all unread messages on your mobile device before using the PC version.
Also, please keep in mind that any unread messages on your mobile device will be displayed as “Read” to your friend when you are using the PC version.

